good night to all in brasília 19 hours is not the voice of brazil but it is that anger
that we have an appointment for the whole week on Thursdays at that time
got in touch with all of you from Brazil
we have good news today new facts we have holes it’s not even from journalism the
What we want is to agree with all of you who gave the presentation and
who's at the table who says damn right our dear minister of education doesn't
will take will talk a little bit about our visit today at the ministry of
every week we will be a ministry there is exactly to deepen our bond
of friendship and how to exchange information so that we can directly
collaborate with the respective was in the ministry also obviously showing
what are you doing here on my side here wanting to andré mendonça attorney general
the cgu union 33 moment it will interfere here speaking including is the
smoking is right is excellent for all those who want transparency for
apply to everything that happens here in the public service
here our internal pounds here on the corner the glass is the leader of the
government I have to talk about social security and as well as the decree
he will present himself here, deputies and senators so you too
is at the end of the line so he'll talk a little bit about
presidential decrees which is one thing is not more important than reading the
new write-off of the law but sometimes decree poorly drafted
Abusing him, right, overcoming the limits, it is a hindrance. We are all ready.
animals and because to meet the special public of collectors the possible
decree modifications then after the book soon it will give the
message and will vote here for our dear sonless jorge who will speak a
little bit about defense insurance and the news in the culture culture which is a
thing i feel in brazil can't understand can't have a country that changes
of water as ours we here is not to consume more fish right and will help those
who have protein needs will be able to achieve through fishing that is
professional dismal fish breeding
so it’s important in passing today
understand that the civil and military policemen and others brazil in this in this
perse operation and 27 across Brazil where almost 4,000 people were detained
the work of our police that makes us proud every day
in the first quarter of this year the name of homicide in brazil dropped
approximately 25% environmental than who is to blame for those who have decreased
I don’t want losina because it’s what I want is to complement praise and thank the
work of all f1 f military civilian police
he's all municipal guards and it sure is a job for all
involved as well as governors look only at the state that honey that most and
fewer boys had compared to the same period last year when it will be the
third in the present the national force with all certainty the governor who is in the
pt camilo pt is also doing his job we don't have a problem here
praise the governor independent of the coloring so it is not in favor of him
but it has improved in the number of violent deaths is very happy about it with
all certainty has a participation in the soap opera I also talked to him
a matter of a month and so far a serious problem in Ceará and a lot of things
we have in common we must help governors plan
possible in combating the violence that we cherish governor help your
gold approve its its its crime law the anti crisis bill that is in the
then the Chamber of Deputies will realize that here the
word for our bond here our government leader in the chamber during
everyone the president has instructed us to be open in government leadership in
chamber to receive suggestions from parliamentarians federal deputies
senators and also the Brazilian population as a whole through the day
of deputies or directly to operate decrees that are as if they were
laws but that this data by the president signed by the president to update
solve regional problems so I just make myself available
guided by the president to receive suggestions there will be a legal analysis
President's pledged to give an answer within three weeks for you or
on behalf of social security already raised from the person in relation to social security
we had a great victory for brazil this week with a lot of work
interesting very fruitful and very happy by felipe francischini and marcel
frei 32 federal deputies were president and rapporteur in the ccj
constitution and justice of the Chamber of Deputies that approved the admissibility
of the pec of the new president afterwards is a very special reference
also to the mayor rodrigo maia has also done a work of
articulation so that this proposal advances proposal to be very good for the
country and also the minister nicks who also helps in the articulation has made a
very interesting job to thank all the deputies who voted for this
admissibility there was a very large convergence but
will approve them with 48 votes in favor and 18 in the last attempt was 31 to 20
so we are moving forward to build our social security start now to
finish the work on the special commission i wanted to congratulate the
deputy marcelo ramos a lawyer at the amazonas pr party
who is the committee chairman the rapporteur samuel moreira psdb de são
Paulo who has a certainty for an excellent job
I see that it is not being able to speak in decree we are not open to those who think
decree that can be improved we are available to receive these
suggestions obviously we will look especially at the
secretariat for legal affairs and if it's a car, we will have it for three weeks
correct the decree whose day today was not to vote today was not with
version a suggestion annually we here in brazil via
decree we set apart from not condemning the period
so not for example deputy joão campos looked for and all the arguments
by the end of daylight saving time we analyzed this suggestion joão campos
we submitted the presentation by the minister of mines and energy which is a great event and
he technically informed us that they survived it was no longer necessary
because the type of gas the energy in the account is currently giving
15-hour producer then trained to reduce energy consumption and the part
the other has to be has to do with the health of our biological clock
the conclusion of our staff we consulted in the sense that so a
time for a lot of people hindered their performance
the day worked in his life he was more hunted at the time he would go
working had a problem so our decision I'm not coming we played well
like all parliamentarians all the parliamentarians who had to bear in mind
today on the occasion of easy credit rating but when you take it here then don't
we signed with these people who had proposed that the keys
fernandes da bahia luiz nishimori de do paraná luiz
ovando gross thick legal 11 of goiás so this year we will not have the one with the
admiration that depends on people right on the population that all people who
did on the internet was always above 70% the number of
people who voted for the independent the joke the man under the sea here
our recipe that he will talk about
on the one hand I’m going to pass now there are three interventions here in our dear andré
mendonça is a boy at the moment is our andré mendonça who made it clear
that this position of the supreme who is going to speak now that involves censorship of
crusoe magazine has nothing to do with it was
defending in the general counsel of the union the right of supreme minister
propose is to abolish the restlessness taking into account the internal regulations
efe he was very criticized is some thought that I had determined him
that there is no boss and employee here we are in the same role as the same
standard of the beautiful bar and today ended up defending that then the supreme decision
to speak the restless regarding the published pregnant his wife to the point
possible for this one thanks for the opportunity to be here today to you
that assists us if a mess a lot of people think that there is no longer a single
defends the executive is not true the ge goal by the constitution has to
defend the executive the legislative the judiciary the court of accounts of the union
the federal public ministry itself we for example today represent and
we will defend the euro also won a lawsuit that needs
president lula moved against him to act what does helton's defense do
and in the case of the supreme we do not go into the merit to know if the way is a censorship
whether or not it is not the role of language that does not act in the investigation that acts in the investigation
is in the criminal area it generated it she was summoned to
manifest in order to analyze whether the president of the supreme may or may not
have initiated an investigation and it is in this sense that we manifest ourselves as the
supreme bylaws have the force of law and the bylaws provide that the
president can institute whatever we did the morning
in this sense what we hope is that the supreme that will soon be able to define
this more clearly so that the whole society has the final answer of the
supreme federal court itself was not in that sense that we
we express is everyone's consensus whether press freedom is a value
non-negotiable and we didn’t get into that and minister alexandre himself
de moraes kelly knew that revoking her own decision was not a
technical manifestation in an institutional and constitutional duty that the
we had to do in that specific situation on two more occasions and
will say these things are new here for sure you will like the
news that I received this morning the girl and the mother of eight years of age to
my new city and cinema on the occasion of Easter that we call here not
understand the kids I never asked will the palm trees who deserve it
no she complemented obviously she is flamenco regretted the fact of having
lost the first game the flamengo hit with the brazilian cheer for the flamengo
who can believe that it is true to say that I presented with the Flemish shirt
is pending the father and mother had a lawyer is also is one and on Saturday we
we will visit there in the structural planned the girl's family because she suffered
again it is a lot because there were a lot of people understood that she didn’t have
education greet me or if you don't like it because the father spoke publicly
who voted and not all this mess all your clothes
eighteen candidates want to be the central target of her teacher the director of
school telling a problem her leaving school was paulo did the subject
wrong is in addition the use of more printed works republic carlos there was
something here that reverberated in Brazil all compare me even because the girl in
time in figueiredo and with all due respect in your opinion I have never been
with this new unit which the political maturity this matter for
know if it will hold there what I advocate here prone to shop a lot
child already has a certain maturity understanding things not only
depth we here in our city never have to visit our
girl and doyle the purpose of the visit is exactly to undo this misunderstanding
pay your ball that loses the game will be sao paulo a few hours later
feeling sorry, acknowledged the error but we have access to it
in the other games of pieces they were of 11 days does not form improvements and touched on
day out so as not to be in são paulo almost all the others then in the matter
or publish I have to be a good job no let's not go get it says do
really and if that tremendous injustice done to a minor child you
tell the truth the company has a certain company but a fact like that exposing
publicly it's another child that is protected by the state of california
can happen already I contacted the reporter from the state of são paulo look
accompanying our visit our idea is to retaliate no one belongs to the truckers and
make this girl feel happy and go back to the classroom as
any other child we will open a space here our total
and in the new minister of education today I visited their waiting very well
received there we talked like every month to new lines and people of 30 minutes of
conversation and exchange of information and I prefer that the minister himself is
one thing that most interested us about this visit is missing for you to speak to the people
as an example the proof of the enemy and all the measures you are taking in this
their initiation in that important they said that education always thank you
president good night everyone and the message that I
wanted to move into this new world that we see we are dealing with a
a tiger's friend is going through the big transition while having internet
while there are social media that don’t set the tone, we’re going to change
much more the fame as we are communicating with the society with which we
why this instrument is important
the traditional media and also a little bit of our concerns raised to
possibility that there is no urgency we in the government are concerned with
leave you there in your house, sir lady in peace to take care of the
problems that you already have day to day either have to stop where I have
who run after and health problems employment
so our task is to avoid any surprises
negative in that sense the problem has every day everyone has their
our job is to prevent it from reaching you
there was a possibility that possibility was removed from aaa
the tco was very partner and understand the problem and thus at risk of not even having
if the year is totally over then people are going to provide these young people or
older people will need to continue studying and then a tip
that I'm going to pass on to you is I think that in very controversial ideological issues
as in the past it didn’t happen this year we
my suggestion focus more on the technique of writing text interpretation
focus a lot on math sciences and really an aspect that we want
develop scientific knowledge a person's ability to develop
new skills this is the recommendation is when the visit
to the president was there was very welcome including tour by the employees of the mec
despite all this deconstruction time they try to create our deploy our
image the president was very well received by
all employees technical offenses analysts the simplest people
were at the reception the president came out was to hug them he went up
went to talk to esther that he has a series of plans we have
many positive changes that will happen soon all of them the majority of
population obviously has good things when we are going to change but everything
within the law everyone's right will be respected
our goal is to serve the population with a lot this government arrived here with
great majority of the population supporting there in the ballot box but we play at 100% of the
opposition our goal is to respect and give back to the
population the tax that she for education is paid
for the tax that you have when you buy the cell phone not be for your line
impulse phone in your home's light has a post
this tax goes from the federal state and municipal government to develop
among other things that in my case my education portfolio, we are 5 and
improving the quality of education in brazil is a large amount of
taxes that we have already collected this is my message study for real
and study things yes ideological direction as there was in the past will not
change has already changed and will change more and more calmly without those at heights with nothing that
messing up calling the president is exactly what takes a man with a woman in the
difficult situation in which he finds himself is the knowledge that we want in the absence
of the line our children are better than
us this situation with all certainty of the father
and a mother who has a child for what happened after finishing a technical course
or higher with the knowledge baggage he
can have that function much of the day the tie considered
there are a lot of people finished college to put a paper on the wall
just good writing is not important the person did not know how to do
that makes it clear that in the past I took a technical course she was active but
this phase of life to fix television and refrigerator
I once found a more modern classmate course is he doing here in
Brazil you come here to do nothing you are there because when the resource will come back
because spoiling a journey never even charged me which will prevent the
work so i went to learn to fix january that with all respect to the
professionals have no difficulty with washing machines or outside and a lot
much more than people have a college degree with all due respect to the course by
that I see I don’t agree and I think the government’s role is to respect money
of the taxpayer so what do we have to teach children to
young people are the first skills and being able to read and write and do math
the second most important thing a craft craft that manages income person well
be with her family that improves the society around her
japan my country our people lewis president
Japan is a much cleaner country in Brazil
he's taking public money from the college taxpayer are
seen as faculties for a person who is already very political or elite like
philosophy can study philosophy where own money and japan reinforces that
this money that goes to college as a sociology philosophy he puts
in colleges that generate return from in fact veterinary nursing engineering
medicine but again president who is in the current courses does not need
worrying anything is going to be their right is going to be
respected everything follows normal life faith is not
worry the only thing that we can talk about here we don't agree
with several things that have been done in the last 20 years
so Brazil is far from its potential and then it starts to change
is a minister of education has his twitter in use speak he does not hear is
difficult for me it’s easy society looks like I’m from artillery relieves itself
imagine the other sister souls there since he was
japan had to roll we are going to japan in a few minutes
weeks of the g-20 meeting and I am preparing that last time I would not
get it because I want to buy jewelery of course
look how far we have come is just that we have an identical alliance here
mine of gold more or less 30 an alliance of that man of four
twelve hundred reais, right, 40% more expensive, because that looks, just look at prices.
so look at jewelry stores and say it’s already used in the country and we have
now the circus go out on winning an alloy an alloy steel just iron steel the
building structure is r 20 man because it is more resistant it is more
known in china case board of the 31 now little 399 pipeline towards
Germany is using a convicted car key and as I said now there are
little bit that it is more rigid right but it is more resistant a certain flexibility
as the first first is the idea of ​​that entity how much stronger do you use
less the lighter in being lighter you
spends less fuel to take a destination similar to our car here is
quite heavy so here twitter us ourselves
before I leave the safe I will return here is not the subject
all are important but the third most important since the end here of
andré miele looks only he is a lawyer has one by one
political party was organized for 19 in the case is to have an action at the supreme and
crying at the question of gambling is to vote against his message the party
when collecting the correction of the misdemeanor she wants to legalize the game in brazil
our minister that our lawyer left to present her position that
the government's position in the bars but nothing imposed on me on this issue and the
that I am more important to take into account the changes the problem is that if I have
decided to stop being against monthly that is made by the chamber and the senate that
the subtitles only, we can’t together in the series that the judiciary nor
jesus as well as him a short time ago and it was highly praised to defend a position that
it is not the government with little residence but it is a right thing when the supreme
is on vote week 4 to 0 they want to justify a new book
as if he were born, that is, the supreme is resurrecting that infamous plc
122 was treated in the past that parliament decided that by failing to legislate
why not taking a position is also part of parliament that's it
so andré please talk about gambling in the
Brazil that you took your protection in the government is with the supreme court
previous federal thank you president it's just a matter
important social that affects the day-to-day off in several ways
the first game of chance is a gateway to money laundering
illicit activities computing illicit assets then has this
aspect related to crime another important social aspect generates
addiction how many stories have you heard of
people who have become addicted to losing their assets and leaving their family in
misery without your child being able to study properly taking money home
occurred with education I we cannot accept that the game of chance
will be lawful and that is what we set ourselves up for in the supreme court
arguing that there is an illegality in the game of chance
we defend that we will continue to defend but even if there was some
possibility of discussing the matter would fit, as the President said to the
national congress then president we stick to that
defense and both the supreme and the illegality the illegality of the game of chance
he will vote on one last case shortly
I mean for you to have breakfast
the table today when kim journalism is half right
in the afternoon not doing 76 but most of them here today are magazines and I asked
authorization for us we filmed everything asked for authorization for all of them agreed
that we could publish is almost an hour of chat
we are hitting here by carlos here who has a channel on youtube for hours
he will publish who has time I think it is worth getting to know a little bit
journalist starts to miss fighting with exceptional and also the
first question right at the beginning a journalist you asked
next is because it's been on twitter for three days and facebook is sure the car
is blocking is censoring you to achieve until recently you were
massacring in pacaembu and saying that I should rule doesn’t stay on twitter ok
now three days later leave the time for me to return well without any problem of course
that your function of your freedom to expose your ideas on twitter where
it was an account that this war is worthwhile if you have the time, right
watch survivor on our youtube channel will now pass the young man who even
the only time my indication always on that right
to the secretariat the secretary of fisheries who will talk a little bit about the new
channel with action by thinkers that story according to the defense has a lot
fraud there and we have a little purchase until next time
he will talk to him better than me
thank you very much for the opportunity is personal
last week the president missed that issue that we're
dealing from the first day of government that the issue of closed insurance right
there behind 2014 and it was repeated there are indeed the tests in 2017 the statistics
polls harassed the union's general controllership is that a 66% detector for
more is fraud condition the winners ie people are getting a
benefit that was not right for them is we want to take a benefit from the
fisherman there is no benefit we want to export so it looks good
clear but obvious that we were hitchhiking with
our education minister has not yet spoken
we want to respect the public money respect the taxes that the
Brazilian paid program, it is not possible that a social program without at least 66
cent is fraud is our quick money for people who are not
fishermen so what happens a group and it's already
led by be it involves other federal government games
aaaah knew is inss ministry of economics our secretary of
aquaculture and fisheries there is even ministry of justice federal police
so, passing through a study task force, you know, because unfortunately in the old
Brazil since 2014, if you were talking look, there is a problem with these benefits
we will correct harvest 2017, that is three years later, we will repeat the same
information so the subject is not new the subject of the government jair bolsonaro is a
government is an old issue that we are simply dealing with is with
respect to the issue of taxation in brazil so what will be done is we
let's make a new system it will be ready until the beginning of June in the mountains
and this system we will do a national re-registration of
beneficiaries is from closed insurance many people that week after the
lake last week the president contacted the secretariat
through also on social networks filming
look i feel safe closed but i don't want the cool dad i don't want to do
wrong thing like I don't know if I have a right or
not the second defense so a very simple and very easy tip for you to know if
you are entitled to closed insurance you your main economy is the party you are
fisherman you are artisanal fisherman you depend on fishing for a living or you
is a doctor right as we saw here in the database is a doctor and dentist
unfortunately there military mayors councilmen mechanics a lot of people
there are even fishing colonies that amaze you in places that people
there's not even water to drink so we need to work for you
have any idea I think the youngest worker in Brazil is a fisherman that we
we have in our register people with seven years of age a seal according to defense I
I think the oldest person in the world is Brazilian is provided also has a
person in the 148-year-old registrations received second closed
that would be comical if it weren't tragic if it wasn't for the disrespect one day the
public so we will do this re-registration and we want to give
opportunity we don't want to do witch hunt not
we want to bring citizen problems well many people were
induced there to receive to enroll in closed insurance is not our goal
is three million reais almost 3 billion reais of the money of the
Brazil plans to build the road the game continued hospitals daycare centers as many
things that we look like investing in culture in fish farming and so many things
who are unduly in favor of people and capital
there is still an even more harmful aspect of the closed insurance issue he
account for retirement time ie people today are receiving the
wrongly closed 66% and then later on in old age they will still enjoy
of retirement what we were not entitled to so we are doing the
registration of people we are hearing about
jorge how do we do so i don't work asks that i already worked i went
induced we know that many people was induced is unfortunately in
election times don't know days like what we can do
you will look for your fishing colony to have a great partner
our colonies federations confederations you will look for them and say look I
I am no longer a fisherman or I have never been a fisherman.
ideological do not want problems with the Brazilian justice please remove the
name because who provides the list of names for the inss are the entities
related to the inss, which are the colonies, answer something so I
information unproven by what appears to be a state the respective government the
governor had faith he believed he well understood
is is up to six months to a year and four months is a family of three
friend throughout the year and we have an obligation to ensure public use and
combat this to him i was very attacked during my
campaign will not end the second of life and by coincidence or do not want to
go into details here but I lost only in the state of brazil taking the
northeast region I lost exactly in that state of the order to select the state
where it has roll and concentration to benefit defense insurance
you can see that it even uses public money if a car is you go back to
represent someone saw me I paid at the time will for governor found
I'm sure I'm going to lose my mandate now, we will pay 43 billion for
at 36 almost 3 billion the expenditure on five defenses is almost two million is
talk and with that money if you buy a lot of people if you bought the election is election
for deputy councilman and even more for Czech than January when he
stepped on Sunday at the beach accusing me of the environmental crime agent who was
assessed on a day and hour that he had put in.
the presence panel here so he wasn’t there having a conclusion has the
governor and to had as a mother I
believe that created the municipal closed insurance apply the lion and municipal
[Song]
today and perhaps defended everything is done irregularly
just to complement a little information that I ended up remembering
personal 70% 81 of Brazilians use internet 70% these are statistics
however it is fishing personnel from riverside personnel in the corners of the
Brazil often do not have knowledge they do not have access to technology so many
people also didn’t ask who will make this registration the registration will be
through the colonies federations confederations and in the future you also
will be able the fisherman will be able to make his
register today when you are going to declare your income tax
you cannot make your lawyer your accountant your brother in the future but the
brief future i will speak a very distant future later this year the researcher
you can also do it if you prefer, but we as a government
federal we will remain with sells is with the
colonies federations confederations the only detail we will start the
re-enrolled by was that of the federations confederations which in turn
you have to do the meeting minutes again, you have to do the board again
the whole rite I don’t know in my head but you don’t know why there are
some of these entities that do not make their elections do not have their board
elected for a long time because we are going to start the stepfather for these entities
because they will be responsible for the people who were benefited then the
person who will declare to aaa is a fisherman will have to answer it because it is a
self-declaration today for a declaratory act and the colonies that know
who are really fishermen and fishermen and who are not on my part
the world would watch the episodes to see in the newspapers hear on the radio a number
vehicle accidents of deaths in this holy week holiday
we had 11% less accidents and 28% less death if it weren't for
framed majored who would be responsible who for sure I
because they are talking I am going to make a decision with our minister of
culture is the earthquake of us is no longer accepting the proliferation of radars in the
Brazil that a slot machine who assembled the industry and tried his way when
I talked to him and showed him a little over a month
eight thousand and said that new concussions in Brazil plus 8 thousand points
it's our uncle's business that we noticed I started to notice if fighting equals
to leave the decision with him is that the federal contracts and highways please
federal gods we are not going to renew this contract and i will put an end to
drastically a fine industry maybe the withdrawal
no radars were quoted had time to take positive action on the issue of
number of accidents and deaths in brazil
the last very important matter
[Song]
china and to publish for years the union it can also has force of law and effect
binding president ie all federal public administration will have
to follow the guidelines of the opinion what I said during my campaign
angel the campaign also transparent as I didn’t talk about black box the
bnds has improved deserves who better like that
we want something that is worth it all the public sensation cannot take that
story of look I cannot this ministry
with that official bank the state company cannot then andré had the initiative
together with your colleagues in the union force and do something like that here that
I'm going to do it now but first I want him to explain it is actually with
technical language with I prefer by all what is it that I'm coming up now in
first hand for all of you as president a very relevant opinion
important that has the bias to change the life of much of what the citizen
has come today that corruption for a long time the organs of
control the one who supervises the money cuba public ministry in tcu a
general controllership of the union the federal police all these bodies had not
free access to public money to the money that was going to be used is in
school in health in education that we're saying that this opinion
president that from the signature of the lord published in the official diary all
the control bodies federal police courts of accounts
they will have free access to public money meaning the money has been
passed on 10 hello to the municipality
there the state of the union these control bodies will have access
free will not be able to be defended that it cannot have access because of the secrecy
do not have bank secrecy from this president signature on
in relation to federal public money, you will now go to the map
from that to every time for example someone within the impression of
money for vat own loophole for construction bank promoter
the control bodies will be able to have access to all the documentation as it was
deposited because it was deposited who received it because they received what acts they
are involved if they justified justified
in other words, everything that had been happening illegal under the
cloths now the public money we're going to have
how to identify why it is there for whoever leaves president to sign an act
this is very simple but it takes political will can you
having courage and political will as a citizen and as a lawyer for the state
Brazilian we can only thank the personal courage you are having to say
now that the citizen's money the court of auditors to the police
the controllership will be entitled to the claim because this public money is being
destined for that purpose is a new level
a few years ago president said he will file a lawsuit against the bank's
brazil at the request of the federal police the federal police can see in the account of the
Banco do Brasil for those who were paying the money that we citizens pay
it ends today president thank you very much
as brazilian citizens for this determination andré congratulations to you
please and sensitive to all civil servants of the union general
with great pride and satisfaction i would use compact to sign a
so important document in the morning
the minister of education passed the general strike of the union
elisângela vitor lucas left in a little while goes like java a brilliant
work to our dear land you are raining thank you for the audience
for the affection and for the conversion brazil is above all god above all until the
city ​​thursday